I thought he was nice to me
Just others
It turns out that everything is satisfactory
The desires of the rich
Sister Chen, did you really not come back?
He came back, but he left with something again.
Left with something
Where did he go?
He didn't say
The user you dialed is temporarily unavailable
Isn't that me?
This is me too
And why is this all me?
Zhizhi
Ah, come and eat something
How is it bro
Your food is still delicious
You like it, brother will make it for you every day in the future
You forget all the unhappy things
In the future, my brother will raise you, so you can live there
Brother, I'm going to look for a job tomorrow
It's okay, don't worry.
You eat first
I'll give you a bowl of soup
My brother is still so kind to me
Bichen Xunan
Why do you think of him again?
Hurry up and forget
Did you not find it?
I don't support me being so nice to you.
Why are you leaving?
Even if you flee to the ends of the earth
I will find you too